Remove request log file (#5079)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: src/main/java/org/opentripplanner/standalone/config/package.md

We prefer optional parameters using default values over required parameters in APIs and in the 
configuration. Most API request parameters have default values defined in config. So, lets 
illustrate the prefered way of doing this.

We define a parameter for a feature inside the domain module. This is also where we define the 
static "global" default value. This makes the default value available, not only to the domain,
configuration and APIs - but in tests as well.

```Java
package o.o.mydomain.mysubdomain;

class MyComponentParameters(foo : String = "BAR")
```

Then, in the configuration we used the default for documentation and to set the configuration 
"default".

```Java
package o.o.standalone.config.mydomain;

class MyComponentConfig {
  final String foo;

  MyComponentConfig(NodeAdapter c) {
    var dft = new MyComponentParameters();
    this.foo = c.of("fo").asString(dft.foo());
    :
```

Last, we use the configured value in the API - both for documentation and as the default value 
for the api input parameter:

```Java
var dft = [injected configuration object];
:
GraphQLArgument.newArgument().name("foo").defaultValue(dft.foo())
```

> This show how the API get the default value from the configured value, and how we fall back to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This show how the API gets the default value from the configured value, and how we fall back to a
```

static value set in code, if no configuration is available. There are some cases with are more 

> complicated than this, but this is the general pattern for do it. This also make the default 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
complicated than this, but this is the general pattern for doing it. This also makes the default 
```
